PWM Cryptocurrency Whitepaper (draft)

Purpose: mass microtransactions mainly with token burning. Intended to be used for all purposes of pseudonymous authorization, in particular captchas, simplified passing of spam filters, special "royal" likes/savings. 
Issuance: base 21 yds, with centralized distribution via IPv4 claming. 
Specific functionality: multi-domain address format, with roaming fees and different processing policies (e.g. hot and cold wallets). This will allow for organic sharding, at the level of large and medium-sized zones, within which most transactions will be locked. The topmost tier of zones is essentially country/regional: shuffling coins between addresses from different zones is the most expensive, as such transactions are signed in the rarer PoW blocks (carried on L1). In other words, the system is divided into one top-level blockchain and many lower-level blockchains. 
The second level of hierarchical distribution in an address is the index. This is a 32-bit value that can be considered, for example, a ZIP code in a geographically oriented application (such as tracking parcels with a digital twin). 
The next field is a set of flags defining "dumb contracts" policies. The essence of dumb contracts is a set of maximally primitive rules that allow the replenishment and expenditure of address funds. 
A basic set of possible policies:
1.	Cold address. It is understood that debits from such an address require significantly more confirmations and, consequently, more time for which a canceling transaction can be processed (including multisignature blocking of the spend, if such protection is assigned).
2.	Corporate address. Deposits to such an address require a double signature, both of the sender and the recipient. This implies that companies will not receive any flood/spam transactions, and eliminates all risks of dust attacks. 
3.	Conservation address. In this address, CLTV consumption is prohibited until a certain time. 
4.	Investment Address. This address limits to one of two conditions: reaching a block number or price exceeding a certain level.

It is understood that for addresses with conditional spending (3 and 4), the unlock constant is applied with each transaction and affects a separate input accordingly.
Thus the address of the wallet may look like this:
GB-1001-2b-[character set 0_9, A_Z, a_z]
For each top-level zone (country/state), partial centralization is implied through the issuance of policies limiting the passage of transactions to 30 days. Absolute censorship in the system is not planned. Such restrictions may concern incoming/outgoing payments from other zones and, for example, include the requirement of multisignature on the part of the regulator or a licensed company. A contract signed from the wallet of the zone arbitrator will be considered as the established policy. In turn, the arbitrator is selected by the signatures of the major coin holders, which is administered at the communication level of the business and authorities. The arbitrator's authority allows him to confirm disputed transactions, for example, in case a wallet holder detects a theft - he forms a cancel transaction and requests a multi-signature arbitrator through the official website. This is essentially a partial centralization that requires participants to be verified against the arbitrator. 
In turn, the wallet owner has the ability to add transactions that set (permanently) restrictive spending policies. An example of such policies can be:
1.	Requiring a multi-signature from a trusted address (a relative in a typical case), with spending reducing the balance below a certain level. 
2.	Limiting the set of addresses of potential recipients to a white list, which can only be further reduced, which is relevant for cold wallet exchanges whose hot wallets may be subject to compromise. 
Although policy processing will potentially burden processing nodes, it brings the system closer to CBDC in terms of restrictive capabilities, which simplifies collegial (family) coin management and division of responsibility. The number of policies, however, will affect transaction fees so that there is no abuse.
Tokenomics
One of the most important concepts of the proposed system is to reduce the costs of users, who will mostly be companies and government agencies. And probably the most significant costs in the case of conventional cryptocurrencies are exchange rate risks and the so-called remuneration of early investors. To avoid high volatility and rational buying of coins by "collectors", the system is planned to be inflationary with unlimited issuance. The costs of maintaining the network, the code base of the project after the initial integration will be expectedly insignificant, and can be paid through a non-profit fund by corporate users on a voluntary basis. In conjunction with the free distribution to billions of IPv4 addresses, the cryptocurrency becomes not very relevant to add to cryptocurrency exchanges, given its utilitarian purpose, at least paying for it is not expected. For the preliminary public test, about 1 billion tokens have been issued for which the future cryptocurrency will be exchanged, and a gradual buyback is being made. 
The issuance of tokenization tokens after distribution is assumed to be due to some form of staking. Issuance performance will slow down in the summer months (least business activity), and increase from fall to spring. 
Anti-spam and anti-flooding
One of the main uses of the cryptocurrency is to reduce unauthorized traffic through e-mail, messengers and other means of communication. The token tokens generated daily from each coin can be exclusively burned in favor of the recipients of messages or services. This implies limited transferability, and limited lifetime (so that too many tokens are not accumulated ). Using the example of e-mail, it is intended to attach service headers to each letter of the "paid message" system. For simple addressees, this can be a hash of the transaction of successful stamp burning, with the generative destination address (from which there can be no private key) directly linked to the e-mail address (via hash or base64). For corporate addresses, the headers include a partially signed "raw" transaction, which the recipient publishes on the blockchain along with its own signature and meta data of the sender's evaluation (valuable email, error, spam/scam - not accepted for consideration). 
In the case of messengers, a contact establishment protocol is assumed, where a request for communication is reinforced by burning stamps. Those who connect such a protocol will simply stop seeing messages that are not backed by transactions. 

This document was prepared for the project https://svcpool.io
Author: Petrov Alexander aka alpet

